<h1> Reflection Essay Questions </h1>
*By Blake Collins*

1.  I had to learn how to become far more self sufficient. This was a nontechnical challenge, but a difficult one. I had to remember that school was not something that I could just laze my way through. The classes were difficult and the times strange. The expectations were far different from what I could've imagined, as now I saw the money being spent in the thousands, all to provide me this magnificent oppurtunity. I had to learn how to tackle problems and not be afraid to ask questions, to strive to better myself and maintain an effiecient schedule.
2.  I have worked alongside a team during my Object Oriented Programming class. I was just another team member for all intents and purposes with no official roles assigned, but I took it upon myself to arrange times for our group to meet and make advancements on the project we were assigned. I wish to improve my ability to give a solid idea and be decisive about our team's ideas. The entire project was a mess from beginning to the end. No real idea really stuck and no one was able to know where we'd be by the end. We got too ambitious and overextended and had to make due. If we had a more solid idea between us then it likely would've come out better.
3.  I believe I am suited to being a software developer. For a great amount of my tenure, I have worked with programs longer than any other field that would be in CS. It is my passion to do so and learn how to be better, to gain the tricks of the trade and make a product others will use. I want to make people's lives easier in whatever way I can, and helping to build a more efficient program is how I intend to do it.
4.  I would like to be part of the nearby CS agencies like NIWC or Boeing. In five years time, I hope to be gainfully employed in a company, earning a decent wage to fuel my dreams. If I got the chance to make something other people would use, then that would be ideal.
5.   
